Yeah.
Hai.
We're. Were talking about...
Oh, And then, and then are we on, which team are you on?
I think we're hobbits like the elves.
um I think. Yeah, but we talk about once just like
our eating habits like are we elves
or human, or dwarf, or hobbit.
I think. I think, I'm human, like I'm a man.
Yeah.
I don't go for 9 meals a week.
That's true.
Yeah. Then they grow a little taller.
mmh
Hobbiton! No, no question.
I would, that would be my second choice. Yeah.
Oh, that's true.
Yeah, that's true.
Yeah. That's true.
Yeah.
yeah
No...
I don't think I can do it. Yeah...
Yeah. They like underground. They like underground.
yeah
Yeah...
Weapon? Like kind of weapon or specific weapons?
Specific weapon used by the characters. Haahh...
Dwarves actually used it.
Bow and arrow, yeah. I think I would choose that too.
If I had this skill to do anything, I would choose bow and arrow.
Oh, that's true.
Ohhh...
Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, that's true.
mmm-hmm
Yeah, yeah. They went. Yeah.
Yeah.
yeah
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's my favorite too.
That's true.
I feel like Bow and Arrow can be like double duty kind of?
because you can defend yourself at close range with arrows
to some extent, and then you can shoot far.
Like all the other weapons, if you shoot it, you you're done.
Yeah, yeah, it's just like your arm range.
Yeah... I think that would be cool.
Oh, that's true.
uh... Depends on the axe expert. Yeah, I guess so.
Oh! Yeah, yeah, yeah. The catapult!... The catapult.
Uh-huh.
Oh, the swirling, I mean, crossbow?
Ohhhh...
Catapult. Oh, battering rams?
Oh, actually that's true. Battering, it's like
a really big like piece of metal or wood
and they ram it against the gate to force it open.
yeah, yeah... Yeah. someone must...
A siege tower?
I guess so, yeah. But look!
Yeah.
That's true.
Besides Hobbiton, if you were to choose a
a part of Middle Earth to live in, where would you choose?
Oh, that's Hobbiton. Oh, Dale?
Oh.
Yeah.
Oh. In in Mirkwood?
No. Never thought the animals.
I love animals, but that's a lot of mushrooms.
Oh.